IES IS HIRING A H/F ANALYSTE JUNIOR IT FOR INTERNSHIP FROM 5 TO 6 MONTHS.
Date : 08/09/2014
Job reference : OW9362S-7438827
Function : Information systems / Telecom (Programmer Analyst)
Type of contract : Internship
Localisation : barcelone 00000, ES
Contract duration : From 5 to 6 months
Level of studies : Master's Degree
Years of experience :
Company description :
Agence  de  placement  internationale,  nous  garantissons  des  stages  rémunérés  et  alternance  dans  des
PME-PMI, des multinationales, des Start-up ou des chaines hôtelières de luxe, en Espagne, en Allemagne, au
Mexique et en France. IES Consulting compte aujourd'hui avec la collaboration de plus de 1500 entreprises
et chaines hôtelières, plus de 500 centres éducatifs et plus de 1200 processus de recrutement réussis par an,
nous positionnant comme tiers de confiance pour assurer à chacune des parties la réussite de leur projet
commun.
Job description :
This company is a multinational B2B consultancy company, with headquarters in Spain and subsidiaries in
11 countries over 3 different continents. It offers a specialized business and IT consultancy to its clients,
which operate in sectors such as: health service, aerospace, chemical sector, banking...
The intern will work in one or more projects at a time, collaborating in a several amount of different tasks,
depending on the focus of every project. The company offers thus a continuous training in several IT areas,
such as: databases, programming, security... The student must be flexible and must be willing to get a 360º
experience in B2B IT consultancy. Some of the tasks the intern will accomplish are the following:  -
Supporting in programming tasks in different languages (Java, PHP, RoR, Python, C #, ASP.net...); - Doing
tests, documenting them (using TestLink tool), opening JIRA dossiers in case of errors and tracking them; -
Writing user manuals; - Implementing simple configurations; - Managing databases.
858 euros/mois
Required profile :
IT Engineering
Some experience in programming will be a plus
High level of English, Spanish will be a plus
MS Office and Internet advanced user. Some knowledge in one or more of the following programming
languages: Java, PHP, RoR, Python, C#, ASP.net,
Concrete possibilities to be hired after the internship
To apply : http://iesconsult.contactrh.com/jobs/1536/7438827





