European Ombudsman
Secretariat-General
Communication Unit
Traineeship offer
Java-web developer trainee
OMB/TRAINEE/2014/1/WEB
Each year, the European Ombudsman offers the opportunity to a java-web
developer trainee to assist in the development of the Ombudsman's Internet
and Extranet sites (http://www.ombudsman.europa.eu).
Description
The profile sought is as follows:
•   Good knowledge of Java, J2ee, and HTML/CSS
•   Knowledge of JavaServer Faces, MyFaces, SVN, Maven, Hibernate, Spring,
Tomcat, and SQL would be an advantage
•   Development environment: Eclipse
•   Working languages: English and/or French
During the traineeship, you will be using the following tools:
•   Analysis: Magic Draw (UML)
•   Design: Eclipse, SQL Developer
•   Testing: JUnit, Silk Performer, Selenium
•   Project Management: Jira
•   Quality: Sonar
•   Continuous Integration: Jenkins, Maven
•   Manager Version: Subversion (SVN)
Location, timing, and length of the traineeship
The traineeship will take place in Strasbourg. The start date will be defined
with the selected trainee.
The traineeship has a minimum duration of four months. It can be extended for
a period left to the Ombudsman's discretion, normally up to a maximum of 12
months.
The traineeship will be paid according to the conditions defined by the decision
of the European Ombudsman concerning traineeships (see additional
information). The allowance paid by the Ombudsman in Strasbourg is about
€1400 per month.
1 avenue du Président Robert Schuman                                               T. + 33 (0)3 88 17 23 13   www.ombudsman.europa.eu
CS 30403                                                                           F. + 33 (0)3 88 17 90 62   eo@ombudsman.europa.eu
F - 67001 Strasbourg Cedex




Application
The deadline for applications is 20 October 2014 at midnight.
To apply, please send your CV with a covering letter to:
Marc Kamran Amir-Tahmasseb
Web Development Officer
E-mail: marc.amir-tahmasseb@ombudsman.europa.eu
Contact
For further information regarding the java-web developer traineeships, please
contact:
Marc Kamran Amir-Tahmasseb
Tel.: +33 3 88 17 44 10
E-mail: marc.amir-tahmasseb@ombudsman.europa.eu
Additional Information
For further information concerning the terms and conditions of the traineeship,
please refer to the Decision of the European Ombudsman concerning
traineeships which was drawn up for trainees with a law profile and which
applies by analogy for the java-web developer traineeship.
http://www.ombudsman.europa.eu/shortcuts/document.faces/en/3460/html.bookmark
2





