Technicolor R&D France Snc                                                                          tél. + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 00
Internship proposal for 2015
975 av des Champs Blancs - CS 17616                                                                 fax + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 01
Proposal ref:
35576 Cesson-Sévigné Cedex - France
DPL_2015_SP_009
Title of internship : DPL_2015_SP_009 Design and Development of a LLVM Module  for Code
Renewability
Summary of the internship (for Technicolor internship offer web page).
The goal of this internship is to modify a compiler framework
in order to be able to produce a different binary code at
each new compilation of the same source code. The goal is to
increase the effort of reverse engineering required once a
given binary code has been hacked
Skills : compilers knowledge and desire to learn software
protection
Keywords : Software protection, compiler, LLVM, C++
Detailed description
Context
In order to break an application, an attacker generally needs a deep knowledge of the
application’s code. This acquisition requires a lot of efforts. However, once an attacker finds a
flaw and exploits it, a simple correction will not modify deeply the binary code. Therefore,
the effort needed to find another flaw will be importantly reduced thanks to the acquired
knowledge. To avoid this, the developer needs to generate a new binary code that looks very
different from the first one.
Some studies* have already been made to generate different binaries compiling the same
source code. However, proposed solutions were mainly aimed at protecting cryptographic
algorithms from side channel attacks and are not applicable in a broader context.
*Damien Couroussé, Bruno Robisson, Jean-Louis Lanet, Thierno Barry, Hassan Noura, Philippe
Jaillon and Philippe Lalevée.(august 2014) COGITO : Code Polymorphism to Secure Devices
Apply at: stage.rennes@technicolor.com




Technicolor R&D France Snc                                                                           tél. + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 00
Internship proposal for 2015
975 av des Champs Blancs - CS 17616                                                                  fax + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 01
Proposal ref:
35576 Cesson-Sévigné Cedex - France
DPL_2015_SP_009
Objective
The goal of this internship is to design and developed a module in the LLVM framework to
generate a different binary at each compilation of the same source code.
The source code used will be written in C and C++.
An important aspect of this intern will be to manage the performance overhead due to the
introduction of randomness that will break some optimization. Usually the compiler can
produce a lot of different binaries for a same source code and the choice is driven by
performance. Here the goal is to define the degree of randomness we can accept on different
parameters to generate different code with acceptable execution time.
Task description
The intern will start by a study of the state of the art. Then he will have to find some different
ways to insert some randomness in the compilation chain. The intern will have to design and
develop his solution using LLVM and to measure the performance overhead due to his
transformation. Indeed the introduction of randomness will break some optimisation
techniques and we will have to find a way to limit the overhead.
The design and the development will be modular. Then it will be possible to start with one
parameter like the scheduler and when the implementation using the “random “scheduling
will work the intern will be able to work on a second parameter and son on.
Working environment
LLVM
C, C++
Compiler
Assembler
Linux
Apply at: stage.rennes@technicolor.com





