Technicolor R&D France Snc                                                                                           tél. + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 00
Internship proposal for 2015
975 av des Champs Blancs - CS 17616                                                                                  fax + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 01
Proposal ref:
35576 Cesson-Sévigné Cedex - France
DPL_2015_SP_012
Title of internship : DPL_2015_SP_012 Implementation of a secure video player application for
Android making use of the Trusted Execution Environment available on a common Android device.
Summary of the internship (for Technicolor internship offer web page).
The goal of this internship is to design an Android
video player that processes video buffers in a secure
CPU context.
Skills: Linux enthusiast, Linux drivers, embedded system
developments, security awareness
Keywords:   Software   protection,   TEE,   Trustzone,
Android
Detailed description
Context
As of today, Android is not suitable to run an application that deals with highly sensitive data for the following
reasons:
-                                                                                                                    Devices openness:
On most Android devices, the bootloader can be unlocked, making it possible to install and launch
customized ROM.
In addition, the original ROM will let you install applications from “untrusted sources” (i.e not from the
play store).
Furthermore, a study by RiskIQ reports in 2013 that more than 42 000 apps in Google’s store (the
“trusted sources“ according to Google) contained malware/spyware/fake applications.
Finally, on most devices, there is no root of trust, no integrity check on the system partition and finally
no encrypted system partition
-                                                                                                                    Source code openness and platform popularity:
Nearly all the software embedded in an Android device is open source. There are many hackers and
security researchers looking for peer recognition or trying to sell a security product/service. They are all
exploring the source code in the hope of finding the next exploitable vulnerability.
-                                                                                                                    Bad and non-homogenous long term support:
Security flaws are found every single day. However, stock ROM updates with recent security patches are
parsimoniously released, and the frequency depends on the manufacturer.
At best, Google guarantees that Nexus devices gets recent updates 18 months after the product launch
time.
Many vulnerable devices are left behind.
-                                                                                                                    Android let the user decides…
o    about trusted sources
7 users in 10 explicitly enable untrusted sources - Forristal_Blackhat-US2013
o    about application permissions.
Sadly, the user usually does not care and is not a security expert.
By chance, ARM Trustzone and Global Platform Trusted Execution Environment specifications provide a (more)
Apply at: stage.rennes@technicolor.com




Technicolor R&D France Snc                                                                                          tél. + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 00
Internship proposal for 2015
975 av des Champs Blancs - CS 17616                                                                                 fax + 33 (0)2 99 27 30 01
Proposal ref:
35576 Cesson-Sévigné Cedex - France
DPL_2015_SP_012
secure CPU execution context enabled on more and more devices. This technology is widely marketed as the silver
bullet for protecting user data, inputs, payments and privacy as well as premium video contents, particularly
because the protection is still effective on rooted/infected devices.
Objective
Starting from an Android video player application playing protected video content on an Android device, the
intern will move the content protection code to a standalone service running in the Secure Execution Environment
(SEE).
The main difficulty is to achieve this on a common (on the shelf) Android device without changing the stock
Android firmware. The secure service running in the SEE will be launched from the Android application using the
appropriate API.
The video chunks that reach the SEE will be computed and stored in an unprotected form in the SEE. At this point,
the intern will make some propositions to secure the video data path to the sink (display, HDMI).
The software will be written mainly in C and C++.
Task description
The intern will study the Global platform TEE specifications and the Secure Execution Environment API.
He will design the interface between an Android video player application and a secure service that processes the
video buffers in a secure CPU context.
He will use an Android SDK and the Secure Execution Environment SDK to implement this application.
Working environment
Linux / Android
C, C++
ARM DS-5
Apply at: stage.rennes@technicolor.com





