AIRBUS  GROUP  IS  HIRING  A  REPRÉSENTATION  GRAPHIQUES  DE  RELATIONS  FOR
INTERNSHIP 6 MONTHS.
Date : 01/03/2015
Job reference : 10262751 LB -8091566
Function : Consulting (Information Systems/ Organisation Consulting)
Type of contract : Internship
Localisation : Elancourt 78996, FR
Contract duration : 6 months
Level of studies : Master's Degree
Years of experience :
Company description :
Airbus Defence and Space is a division of Airbus Group formed by combining the business activities of
Cassidian, Astrium and Airbus Military. The new division is Europe's number one defence and space
enterprise, the second largest space business worldwide and among the top ten global defence enterprises. It
employs some 40,000 employees generating revenues of approximately €14 billion per year.
Job description :
Airbus Defence and Space CyberSecurity (Elancourt) is looking for an intern for a 6-month internship.
As part of the development of its activity, Airbus Defence and Space CyberSecurity creates innovative
solutions in terms of cyber-security.
You will be working within a team of experts recognised within the security community.
This internship will start on 2nd March 2015 (subject to some flexibility).
Your responsibilities will include:
* collaborating in the design of a safety audit tool for an Active Directory environment,
* drawing up a graphic representation of the relationships between objects in the Active Directory (objects,
permissions, groups, members, etc.).
The following deliverables are required:
- Creating a tool to develop the graphics for relationships between Active Directory objects using data
extracted from a Mongo database
- Being a Point of Contact (POC)
- Providing a weekly follow-up report
- Designing documentation for developed tools.
Required profile :
You are in the final year of a Master's degree or the 5th year of Engineering school or university, specialising
in IT security.
You ideally have initial experience in this field.
You have knowledge of:
- Active Directory environment and Windows security
- Development in Python and Json




- Mongo database format.
You are recognised for your autonomy and for your excellent organisational and communication capabilities.
You are a good team player and have excellent interpersonal skills.
English: intermediate level.
Please apply online and attach your CV.
Airbus Group is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment.
We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual
orientation or religious belief.
Airbus Group Recruitment Centre
To apply : http://apply.multiposting.fr/jobs/1536/8091566





