AJSTAGE IS HIRING A IT INTERN - IRON WEB FOR INTERNSHIP FROM 5 TO 6 MONTHS.
Date : 01/01/2015
Job reference : itironweb-8368503
Function : Information systems / Telecom (Project Manager)
Type of contract : Internship
Localisation : Londres (UK) 00000, FR
Contract duration : From 5 to 6 months
Level of studies : Bachelor's Degree
Years of experience :
Company description :
AJstage propose aux étudiants des offres de stages, apprentissages, VIE et premiers emplois.
AJstage  recherche  régulièrement  tout  type  de  profil  pour  le  compte  de  ses  entreprises  clientes  sur
www.ajstage.com.
Job description :
ATTENTION AUCUNE CANDIDATURE NE SERA PRISE EN COMPTE EN DEHORS DU LIEN
SUIVANT :
http://ajstage.com/offre/IT-Intern-chez-IronWeb
Iron Web Ltd is a technology savvy, fast paced, vibrant, young e-business start-up company. Established in
2014, previously based in Paris and Geneva, it is founded by experts in the recurring billing industry. We
specialise in subscription services in a number of different sectors for example: e-learning, cloud storage,
e-mail routing, SAAS, ticketing, gaming, legal advice and admin assistance  (accounting software, visa
driver's license administration).
Our expertise is deployed over 5 sectors relevant to e-Business subscription companies looking to increase
their profitability:
Web Marketing
Web Development
Billing and Pricing engineering
Customer Service
e-Reputation
Working as a team we aim to create profitable solutions for similar e-business projects.
Recently, our head office relocated to London, opening newly furnished offices with a modern work
environment, in vibrant Soho (Central London).
Most of our employees are native French speakers.
Job Purpose
IT Administration of internal network
Job Description
Assist with installation and configuration of network (switch, wifi, dhcp, firewall)
Assist with support of each person in the company (helpdesk).
Assist with configuration of internal hardware machine (desktop, laptop, servers)




Use of GLPI our solution for helpdesk (population of datas, maintening)
Apply process of IT Architect
Required profile :
Personal Profile
Bachelor's or Master's Degree including subjects relating to IT Management and Network administrator (+3
to +5).
Upper intermediate English verbal and business writing communication skills (demonstrated for example by
TOEFL >85 or TOEIC>850)
Effective interpersonal skills and professional presentation
Very organised and comfortable multi-tasking and prioritising
Energetic, takes the initiative and make things happen
Drive and enthusiasm to reach and exceed targets
What We Offer
The opportunity to:
Join a rapidly growing company with a flat hierarchical structure.
Gain experience with in a dynamic and entrepreneurial start-up.
Work with a mixture of seasoned driven experts and a highly motivated young team.
Become part of our friendly and creative working environment.
To apply : http://apply.multiposting.fr/jobs/1536/8368503





