AIRBUS GROUP IS HIRING A INTERNSHIP/ DYNAMIC WEB SPECIALIST (M/F) FOR INTERNSHIP
6 MONTHS.
Date : 01/02/2015
Job reference : 10258404 MB EN EXT 1-8583410
Function : Information systems / Telecom (Development Engineer)
Type of contract : Internship
Localisation : Marignane 13725, FR
Contract duration : 6 months
Level of studies : Master's Degree
Years of experience :
Company description :
The Airbus Helicopters Group employs approximately 22,000 people. In 2012, Airbus Helicopters confirmed
its position as the world's No. 1 helicopter manufacturer with a turnover of 6.3 billion Euros, orders for 469
new helicopters and a 44 percent market share in the civil and parapublic sectors. Overall, the Group's Airbus
Helicopters account for 33 percent of the worldwide civil and parapublic fleet. Airbus Helicopters's strong
international presence is ensured by its subsidiaries and participations in 21 countries. Airbus Helicopters's
worldwide network of service centers, training facilities, distributors and certified agents supports more than
2,900 customers.
Job description :
Airbus Helicopters Marignane is looking for an intern for a 6-month internship.
This internship will start on January 5th, 2015 (subject to some flexibility).
Your main responsibility will include:
- assisting the Operational Marketing Department personnel in creating dynamic marketing content.
- creating browser-based dynamic web content supported by a unique Common Source DataBase (CSDB).
- assuring that the finished product, a Content Management System (CMS) is compatible with all mobile IT
platforms (smart phones, tablets,etc) across all OS (IOS, Android, Google,etc) providing marketing content
information in real-time across multiple Programmes (EC175, EC145T2, EC225e, etc).
Required profile :
You are in the final year of a Master's degree of Computer Science, specialising in Web-based dynamic
marketing content, sQuery, HTML, CSDB, MySQL, php.
You have a previous experience in publishing dynamic web.
You have knowledge of:
- making dynamic web sites (CSDB or LAMP or SQuery)
- MySQL, php, Apache, LINUX, sQuery and HTML
You are a good team player and have excellent interpersonal skills.
English: Negotiation level.
French: Negotiation level.




Please apply online and attach your CV in English.
Airbus Group is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment.
We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual
orientation or religious belief.
Airbus Group Recruitment Centre
To apply : http://apply.multiposting.fr/jobs/1536/8583410





