AJSTAGE IS HIRING A GRAPHIST/WEBDESIGNER - IRONWEB FOR TEMPORARY FROM 4 TO 6
MONTHS.
Date : 02/03/2015
Job reference : GraphistIron-8886289
Function : Internet - E-trade (Webmaster/Webdesign)
Type of contract : Temporary
Localisation : Londres (UK) 00000, FR
Contract duration : From 4 to 6 months
Level of studies : Bac +3
Years of experience :
Company description :
AJstage propose aux étudiants des offres de stages, apprentissages, VIE et premiers emplois.
AJstage  recherche  régulièrement  tout  type  de  profil  pour  le  compte  de  ses  entreprises  clientes  sur
www.ajstage.com.
Job description :
Pour postuler merci de suivre le lien suivant :
http://ajstage.com/offre/Graphic-Webdesigner-chez-Iron-Web
Iron Web est un PurePlayer dans le domaine du e-commerce qui regroupe une quinzaine d'activités.
C'est une société très dynamique avec un esprit start-up qui, en 2015, prévoit un CA de 50M d'euros.
Elle a été fondée par des experts de l'industrie de l'abonnement qui se spécialisent dans les services
d'abonnement dans un certain nombre de secteurs, par exemple : e-learning, stockage en Cloud, e-mail,
routing, SAAS , billetterie , jeux , conseils juridiques et assistance administrative.
Leur expertise est déployée dans plus de 5 secteurs pertinents pour les entreprises d'abonnement eBusiness
qui cherchent à accroître leur rentabilité :
Web Marketing
Développement Web
Ingénierie de la facturation et de la tarification / Billing
Service après-vente
e-Réputation
Leur nouveau siège social est basé à Londres, dans des bureaux récemment rénovés, avec un environnement
de travail moderne dans le quartier animé de Soho (centre de Londres).
La plupart de leurs employés sont des natifs de France.
Alongside our Design Director and working closely with our Project Managers and Marketing Department,
your creativity will ensure our vision of new websites comes to fruition.
Main Duties :
1. You will be primarily involved with the graphical aspects of a website; how the site looks, and you may
occasionally be involved with some technical aspects of a website such as HTML/ CSS coding.
2. You will also be responsible for the design, lay-out and coding of web site templates.
3. You may be involved with the maintenance and update of existing sites.




4. In order to design a website, you will:
Identify the type of content the site will host
Establish the purpose of the website based upon its target audience
Determine any functionality that the site must support, for example, whether it will handle financial
transactions or enquiries.
Give guidance on layout, colours and styles. This will determine the type of technology to use and how
complex the site will be.
Write the programming code (HTML, CSS, JS, Twig), either from scratch or by adapting existing website
software and graphics packages to meet business requirements
Required profile :
Personality :
- Rigorous, organized and analytical turn of mind
- Entrepreneurial approach, team spirit
- Strong negotiator
- Strong communication and willing to join a growing company are mandatory on this position
Candidate Profile :
1. You will have experience in graphic/web design (HTML5, CSS3, JS Expertise a real plus). Some logo
design experience would be ideal.
2. You are conversant with Adobe Suite (Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop and other similar products).
3. You will have awareness of international web standards and protocols.
4. You will be able to produce examples from your portfolio providing relevant examples of your creativity.
5. Your desire to implement continuous improvement is equal to your curiosity and wish to discover new
things.
6. You are creative, dedicated and display initiative.
7. You are looking to work within a close-knit team lead by our Partners who put innovation and success at
the heart of our business.
8. You are comfortable tackling and quickly understand complex and evolving issues.
9. Autonomous, proactive, organised and self-motivated, you show determination and tenacity to achieve
your goals.
10.You are dynamic, ambitious and hard-working.
This offer is available as an internship or as a fixed-term contract.




To apply : http://apply.multiposting.fr/jobs/1536/8886289





